Okay, a couple of things
before we get started.
You are a witness appearing
before a grand jury
in Cook County
and not its target.
But you also have the right
to have an attorney with you
to answer any questions
that you might have.
Do you understand that?
BLAKE:
Yes.
Blake Calamar.
That's C-A-L-A-M-A-R.
Have you and I
ever met before?
Yes,
uh, we have, when
you searched my apartment
and threatened me.
Have we kissed
and made up?
Not really.
Uh, but I intend to tell
the truth here, anyway.
Because you've been
granted immunity.
Well, I'd tell
the truth either way,
but a little immunity
never hurt.
(laughter)
Gary...
where are you
going with this?
I'm showing how
he has knowledge
of criminal activity.
They don't give a rat's ass.
Get on with it.
Where are you employed,
Mr. Calamar?
Until recently, I was employed
at Lockhart/Gardner & Bond.
And you were brought there
by Mr. Derrick Bond,
is that correct?
Yes.
CARY:
And he was recently forced out.
BLAKE:
By the other partners,
uh, Diane Lockhart
and Will Gardner.
CARY:
And you were also
in the employ of someone else
while working in Chicago.
Yes. I did supply,
and still supply,
support for Lemond Bishop.
CARY: And what is
Mr. Bishop's business?
Well, he has several.
Uh... a string of dry cleaners,
uh, health clubs...
Isn't he also the top
dealer of illegal drugs
in Cook County?
I don't... know much
about that.
And didn't you
also work
for a time protecting his
interests in prostitution?
I was a part
of his security detail.
I just went where
he told me.
And you brought his business
to Lockhart/Gardner.
Yes. Yes, his... legal business.
Let's tu rn
to the target of
this grand jury.
How do you know her?
Kalinda Sharma?
Yes.
She's an investigator
at Lockhart/Gardner.
This is where you were witness
to her illegal activities.
Yes.
It's a new day.
You sound sarcastic.
No. _That was me
beIng genume.
Bond is gone;
Blake is gone--
so what's wrong?
What makes you think
anything is wrong?
Ever get the
feeling something
bad is gonna happen?
(laughs)
All the time.
It's a vulnerable time--
we need to make it look
like the loss of Bond
makes us stronger, not weaker.
We _cannot_ lose
a Single client.
It'll become
a domino effect.
So meet with all
your accounts...
If there's a hint
of unhappiness,
tell us,
and we'll fill the room.
All right, let's do it.
ALICIA:
It's about a law firm
with a sphere of influence.
Chicago and DC,
DC and Chicago.
No.
You know what it's about?
Being in the larger
conference room.
Your business isn't
confined to one City,
and neither should
your law firm be.
ALICIA: What we see
for you is, uh...
Mr. Bishop
thank you for coming on in,
hearing from us.
No problem.
Derrick wanted me
to go with him.
I know.
I'll be honest.
We had a disagreement
about the direction
of the firm,
and we... we want
to do everything we can
to make you happy.
Are we
happy, Dex?
We're getting
there.
Well, good, because
we're here for you.
That's good to know.
Because...
I do have something... (sighs)
unusuaL"
...I have to
ask of you.
And her.
Polling.
Look, Diane,
I'm in no danger
of leaving you guys.
I never liked Bond,
so don't...
Holy...!
Look at_
the comparison.
Uh, D-Diane, I gotta go.
No, no, no, no.
We-we just closed
within a point
of Wendy Scott-Carr.
Bye.
We're gonna win this.
Don't say it, damn it.
Go outside and
come back In.
Nora!
Get the DCC on the phone.
They're here.
They're here?
Who's here?
NORA:
Frank Landau.
Head of the
Democratic Committee?
And the mountain
comes to Muhammad.
Well, this should be fun.
Eli Gold.
Frank Landau.
You've met
Matt Becker.
So, you did it--
you got rid of Childs.
Well, Childs dropped
out for family reasons.
We'll support you.
We'll climb on board;
but we need a couple
of guarantees first,
from you and Peter.
We have a couple of people
on Childs' staff,
we need to make sure they stay.
Wh-What are you doing?
Nothing. Go on.
You're not outsiders
anymore, so--
(unzipping)
Eli, what are you doing?
I'm lowering my pants.
Why?
To make it easier for you
to kiss my ass.
You think I'll get
a warmer welcome from Wendy?
(chuckles)
I'm sure you will,
up until the day
they get elected.
What do you want?
I'll think about it
and give you a call.
Just to warn you,
Mr. Bishop,
we _need to be a bit_ cautious
In the way we discuss
your more street-
level holdings.
My wife is divorcing me.
I'm so sorry.
BISHOP:
Thank you.
She had a divorce
lawyer call.
I'm embarrassed
to say...
I was surprised.
I love my wife.
I love my kids.
But my business
sometimes takes me
away from home.
(quietly):
Of course.
I hope we find some
way to work this out.
It's better
to be careful.
(sighing):
Yes.
And given the...
(sighs)
difficulties
of my...
business...
a divorce may
prove problematic.
WILL: Well, we are a
full-service firm, sir.
We're in your corner.
Thank you.
WILL:
Well,
even drug dealers
get divorced, too.
Alicia, you work with
David Lee on this.
Got it._
So, politics
the politics, but
the business of this office
still continues.
And don't worry,
all-all salary
and job commitments
will be honored.
For the lucky few.
You care to share that,
Geneva, with everybody?
Sure. The new state's attorney
cleans house-- you know that.
No. I mean, whoever
wins, the budget
crisis is so extreme,
they can't start over.
And everybody in this
room has a commitment from
this office, either way.
You're a survivor,
aren't you, Geneva?
Are you telling me that
none of those sick days
from last month _were
spent interVIewmg?
(laughter)
Go back to
work, people.
You're wrong
about one thing.
Not everybody in this room
has a commitment.
Well, your salary bump
is in the works.
It's moving slowly.
Well, let's get
it moving fast.
I want friends in
this office, Cary.
I'm not gonna
screw you over.
Just don't screw me over.
ALICIA:
His businesses
aren't doing well.
Huh?
Bishop-- his business--
it's been hurt by the economy.
Yeah, his
legal business.
Oh, it's all right.
I'm trying to drink less.
Since when?
My daughter-- she thinks
I drink too much.
You know what
your problem is?
I don't drink enough?
You didn't get
your tubes tied.
(laughing)
(amused):
Oh...
Here.
I saw you get this
upstairs-- what is it?
Go ahead.
Oh, my God.
Yep. It's my grand
jury subpoena.
Kalinda, why are
you being so calm?
I'm not.
It's just it's been
a long time coming.
What has?
State's attorney thinks
too many people leak to me.
But... Kalinda,
this is for Wednesday.
You need to call
a lawyer.
Yeah, I did.
VVho?
You.
* Sold me a bill of goods...
Hey. Jimmy Patrick
back with you.
Jesus was black.
(bell dings)
There goes another Sunday school
lesson down the drain.
(toilet flushing)
All those preachers saying Jesus
was as white as Billy Graham--
(whispers):
Nope. Sorry.
You see this skin?
He was darker than me.
Middle-Eastern. Mm-hmm.
That's right, the Son of God
looked like Chris Rock,
not Lance Armstrong.
What this office needs is a
breath of fresh air, and that's
why I support Wendy Scott-Carr
for state's attorney.
ANNOUNCER:
You're watching
the live coverage...
You need to change your
campaign strategy, Eli.
You know it.
We were never gonna
get him anyway.
Doesn't matter.
Look at the polling.
You're not counting
the youth vote.
I am counting
the youth votes.
Wendy's got the black vote
and the liberal whites.
You need blue-
collar whites.
Oh, you mean
the racist whites?
Your politics is getting
in the way of your polling.
You need_
blue-collar whites,
soccer moms, you need to start
pushing a new message:
"Bring back the old Chicago."
Why not
"Save our neighborhoods"?
Sure.
Although I know you think
that's... too obvious and unhip.
And racist.
They're votes.
You don't cater to them,
they sit this one out,
and you lose
by one point.
Read the projections.
Go ahead. You need to take the
black faces off the Web site.
Put Peter on the dais
with white suburbanites,
and stop doing photo
ops south of 47th.
So, what are you
going to do, Eli?
BISHOP:
Look at me.
I made a mistake.
I said I'm sorry.
That doesn't change anything.
You slept with her.
She didn't mean anything.
I'm in love with you.
You don't cheat on the person
you're in love with.
I said it won't
happen again.
It will happen again.
Because the easiest thing in
the world is for you to say
it won't happen again.
I'll go to counseling.
Let's just ask these
lawyers to leave.
No. Let's start.
DAVID: _ _
We suggest mediation--
one veto apiece
for mediators.
At alternating sites?
You mean, your
mother's living room?
We rent space from
a law firm in the Loop.
How nice for you.
Can I have one of your cards?
I imagine
you're too new to be
in the phone book.
Thank you.
What do you want, Mr. Bishop?
I want her
not to leave me.
The best way to put out a fire
is to starve it of oxygen.
In a divorce, owgen is money.
If she doesn't
get your money,
she won't leave.
Whatever you need to do.
I guess it's sweet:
a drug kingpin in love.
She really had a hard time
finding a lawyer.
This guy's barely
out of law school.
It's not the safest
thing for him to do,
helping her
divorce Bishop.
Where's Kalinda? I thought she
was checking into his finances.
His dry cleaners,
health clubs, gas stations--
they're all on the verge
of Chapter 11.
He's propping them up
with his other income.
Good. Let her try
to go after his drug trade.
That's a battle
I am prepared to win.
No matter what,
you plead the Fifth.
Kalinda, the only way
that this works
and the only reason
I agreed to be your lavwer
was you do as I say.
They get you talking,
they win.
You defend yourself,
Okay.
The questions are devised
to make you look bad,
so no matter, you say...?
I refuse to answer
on the grounds
it may incriminate me.
Good.
Now, a Chicago grand jury
will indict a ham sandwich.
Don't say a thing;
don't make their job easier.
Kalinda... what's going on?
I can't help you
unless I know.
It's about Blake.
Dr. Booth from last year.
The psychologist
from our pharmaceutical win?
Yeah.
Blake broke into his
office and beat him up.
That's how we won.
(sighs)
He tried to set me up by leaving
my fingerprints on a glass.
Why is Blake doing this?
(sighs)
He's not a very good person.
I don't want to pry,
but you have to trust me.
I do trust you.
More than usual.
Um, I'm not, um...
It's not in my nature
to talk, Alicia.
I'm not hiding anything.
Can you keep me out of jail?
GRACE:
I'm home!
Oh, Pastor Isaiah.
Are you waiting for my dad?
Yes.
I'm Grace.
I know. Hello.
Do you think
Jesus was black?
Do I?
Yeah.
He was dark-skinned, being
a Middle-Eastern Jew.
Doesn't it make you mad
when people make him white?
I think people always want
to see Jesus
as looking like them.
But isn't that bad?
Sometimes.
Sometimes not.
Do you believe
in global warming?
Yes. I do.
Do you?
Yeah, and what about politics?
Are you a Democrat?
I try not
to answer that question.
Yeah, but you're an
African-American,
so it makes sense
to be a Democrat.
I think a lot of things that
make sense aren't always true.
ELI:
I am ending this call.
Pastor Isaiah,
I'm so sorry.
Peter asked me to tell you
that he can't make it today.
Hi.
We were just talking.
How nice.
Do you think
Jesus was black?
We thought
he's black, or dark-skinned.
He was a Middle-Eastern Jew,
so it makes sense.
Sure. He must have been
something, right?
(genﬂelaugh)
Could you, um,
excuse us for a moment,
please, Grace?
I like talking to you.
Peter asked me to say that,
for the last few weeks
of the campaign,
I'll need him full-time,
so could he have a rain check on
your spiritual
guidance days?
Is that what Peter wants?
It's just for the last
few weeks of the campaign.
Oh, and the
prayer breakfast.
My mistake. We have
a scheduling conflict.
Peter's making a speech
at his son's school.
You understand.
I think I do.
It's just until
the election.
After that, the schedule
starts to loosen up.
I'm sure it will.
Good-bye, Pastor!
Good-bye, Grace.
MEDIATOR: Welcome to
mediation, everybody.
I'm your mutually
agreed upon mediator.
My name is Frederick Medkiff.
Please call me Fred.
And I want to assure both sides
that I'm here to help you reach
a yes.
KATRINA:
You're kidding me.
MARS: This is crazy.
You expect us to believe
Mr. Bishop is
almost broke?
You can believe
what you want,
but he is actually almost broke.
Before we move to specifics,
let's share a few thoughts
on what we want to get.
KATRINA:
I helped you build up
that business, Lemond.
I put my life on hold
so you could build it.
And what business
would that be, ma'am?
MAN:
Oh, come on.
If she goes to jail for it,
he goes to jail, too.
DAVID: Uh, I'm sorry.
Was that a threat?
No. You want a threat?
Here's a threat.
LEMOND:
Wait, wait, wait. Did he just
say what I think he just said?
You can go to hell,
and this whole stupid...
And is he really threatening me
with jail time?
I see no need for any
harsh language here at all.
Now, it's not wrong
to express feelings,
but let's all take a breath.
You owe me half.
DAVID:
Half of what?
Half of Chapter 11?
We'd like to call a witness.
It's our right.
I work
for the anti-gang division
of the Illinois office of
the Federal Bureau
of Investigation.
Come on.
Now you're kidding.
MARS: And you've been
following Mr. Bishop's
activities for how long now?
Five years.
Mr. Bishop.
Agent Hemings.
Can you give us
a recent valuation
of Mr. Bishop's
illegal drug activity?
Acknowledging that it's merely
the deepest conjecture
from a man who would arrest
my client if he had any proof.
We have no subpoena power
here, Mr. Lee.
No court reporter,
no transcripts.
This is purely a mediation.
This input will help me
determine a fair settlement.
Our last estimate,
we put the valuation
of Mr. Bishop's drug trade
at $88 million.
DAVID:
Oh, come on.
Now you're dreaming.
The FBI doesn't dream,
Mr. Lee.
Oh, really?
What were you doing
on September 11?
That was not us.
That was the CIA.
Oh, it was the CIA,
was it?
Yeah, the CIA.
Ignored incredible intel.
You know, it's in
the history books.
Have you read
the 911 report?
ALICIA:
And you've kept the books
for how long, Mr. Roja?
Uh, about three years.
Uh-- but I wouldn't call them
exactly books, you know.
I-I keep count.
And is $88 million a
correct valuation?
(laughs)
Whoo!
I wish!
I mean, that...
that may be what the FBI sees
coming in, but there's breakage.
You know, how much product and
cash just walks out of the door.
We have payments
that we have to make
regularly.
MEDKIFF:
Um...
Never mind.
ALICIA:
And the economy?
Yeah, you would think this
economy would be good for us,
but a lot of our high-end
customers are pulling back
or finding
different avenues.
I mean, there's still
some street level,
but then there's the
trickle-down effect.
ALICIA:
What do you estimate then?
Uh, I don't know.
Uh... three million
a year gross.
(scoffs)
Oh, come on.
You calling me a liar?
Dexter, you don't
really believe...
You know,
Kat, seriously...
Please!
KATRINA:
Shut up!
DAVID: No. I'm gonna
call you on your bluff.
MARS: Mrs. Bishop is not walking
away with one million dollars.
Well, then, let's
go to court.
They both end up
in prison.
Your client doesn't want that.
My client doesn't want
Mrs. Bishop to have a cent.
He's in love, and people
in love do desperate things.
MARS:
Oh, is that a threat?
It's a fact.
You don't realize.
Mrs. Bishop has the kids,
and she doesn't have
to go to court
to keep him from the kids.
That's what I call a threat.
Yeah. Tell Mr. Bishop
to come up with a number.
A million bucks
on the table,
and she threatens him
with the kids.
Find out why she's
going scorched earth.
Okay.
What was that about?
Another case.
Are you comfortable?
Iam.
I see you have availed yourself
of an attorney, Miss Sharma.
I would warn her,
per Illinois statute,
you may consult with her,
but she may not speak
at these proceedings.
Is that
understood?
It IS.
How long have you worked
at Lockhhart/Gardner?
I refuse to answer
on the grounds
that it may
incriminate me.
I see. That's how
we're gonna handle this?
As is Miss Sharma's right.
We ask that the state's attorney
accept a blanket statement
of Fifth Amendment protection.
Let me ask that
Mrs. Florrick remain silent.
Did you beat
the psychologist-- Dr. Booth?
I refuse to answer
on the grounds
that it may
incriminate me.
Were you ordered by
your superior, Mr. Will Gardner,
to beat Dr. Booth?
KALINDA:
I refuse to answer
on the grounds
that it may incriminate me.
Were you ordered by your
superior, Diane Lockhart,
to beat Dr. Booth?
KALINDA:
I refuse to answer
on the grounds
that it may incriminate me.
CARY:
But it makes sense
that you would only act
at the behest
of your superiors.
I refuse to answer
on the grounds
that it may incriminate me.
GLENN: Would you care
to share that note
with the rest of us,
Miss Sharma?
It's attorney-client
work product,
so we politely decline.
CARY:
Is there a systematic plan
at Lockhart/Gardner to break
the law when pursuing cases?
I refuse to answer
on the grounds
that it may
incriminate me.
He can't be coming after us.
Childs is a lame duck.
That's exactly when
he would be coming after us.
He doesn't have to deal
with the political heat.
Oh, could still
be about me.
Overcharging at the grand jury.
No. Childs is communicating
through us to you two.
That's the only reason
he hauled Kalinda in--
so_ we'd hear
their questions.
So, what's the
next step?
Grand jury is questioning
their star witness again.
Blake.
What is this?
Maybe you should talk to him.
Blake.
Maybe you should.
(mouse clicking)
Tell me about your dad.
Anything that comes to mind.
My dad's my best friend.
Oh.
He takes me to school.
We play baseball.
Oh.
And he showed me how
to make sloppy Joes.
The secret's brown sugar.
MEDKIFF: Brown sugar.
Sounds delicious.
So, dads can be fun, huh?
You feel like
you can count on your dad?
Uh-huh.
One time, I ate a peanut.
My dad slept
in my room.
MEDKIFF: What happened the
last time you had a birthday--
what'd you do?
For my birthday, Mom and Dad,
they got a ice cream truck,
and I could have
as much as I wanted.
Dylan, what is
your dad's job?
He's a businessman.
Mm-hmm.
Have you ever seen
your dad on TV?
I don't think
that's relevant.
It is if you're making
a custody determination.
Dylan, what did you see on TV?
I saw this man.
He said
my dad did bad things.
Hm.
But my dad, he said
it was a mistake.
He said not to watch.
What else did the man
say about your dad?
Enough.
Mr. Bishop, your lavwers
will have their chance.
No.
Dylan...
you don't have to answer
any more questions.
Was I bad?
No.
No, you could never be bad.
I'll talk to Mommy.
$21 million and
joint custody.
(laughing)
You don't want me
to take that back to him.
Then let's bring his kid back
in for questioning again.
How can she do that?
Do what?
Put her son up there
like that.
She doesn't want to.
That's why she has me.
Tell him $21 million
and he'll have joint custody.
(sighs)
What's going on?
You find out anything?
She's having an affair.
With who, the lawyer?
KALINDA: I don't know.
She has a meeting
arranged this weekend
at a Rolling Crest Suites
in Lake Forest--
room 333.
That would explain why
he's fighting so hard.
Bishop doesn't know
yet, does he?
I don't think so.
But it's only
a matter of time.
Everything all right?
I think I've just
been cured of love.
Oh, no, it's not her.
Lawyers have a way
of making things...
ugly.
(chuckles)
If there's one thing I've
learned in my business:
lawyers don't act
on their own.
(elevator bell dings)
GRACE:
Wait!
One second!
Have you met
Zach's girlfriend?
Yeah, why?
She's black.
Becca?
(laughs)
No. Nisa.
Who's Nisa?
Zach's girlfriend.
Since when?
November.
She's really sweet.
I think her dad's from,
like, Somalia or something.
But her mom lives here.
Zach's gonna bring her
to Dad's speech at school.
He really wants
Dad to meet her.
And...
I met this really
nice guy on line.
Jimmy Patrick.
He's black, too.
Okay, you're
making this up now.
No, I'm not.
The Florrick children
just really love
black people.
(elevator buzzes)
You kids are evil!
(grunting)
Mr. Gardner.
Why are you doing this?
What?
Grand jury.
What do you want?
Why do you think
I want anything?
Look, I've been
granted immunity.
I gotta tell the truth.
Kalinda didn't
hurt that doctor.
You know we didn't
order anything.
That's not really true.
You told me to go kneecap him.
I'm guessing you told
Kalinda the same thing.
That's what you're
hanging your hat on, huh?
An inept metaphor?
I don't work in metaphors.
It's kind of like
at your old firm--
I was told
to cover up your theft.
Okay, now you're getting
in dangerous territory.
I remember using a lot
of metaphors back then.
I was your "life preserver."
I was your, uh,
"ace in the hole."
We agree.
I paid my debt.
I've been subpoenaed.
I gotta answer honestly.
ELI:
But you didn't want
the kids involved
in the campaign.
And they're not.
Um, Peter is speaking
at Zach's school.
That's right.
I don't think
you quite realize
how Zach could be
involved in this story.
You said you didn't
want them involved,
and I am trying
to honor that.
Okay.
Thank you.
How are you doing?
I hear it's a new day here.
It is.
And Peter, too.
He's winning.
It'll still be close;
it's Chicago.
Do you know
where you'll live?
Where I'll...?
After the election.
You'll be able
to afford more.
Move out of the apartment
and get back to where
you were before.
(knocking on door)
I just got a call.
The grand jury?
No. Cary.
That's our deal.
You do know that I'm an attorney
with Lockhart/Gardner.
We do know that.
It's a deal we'd advise
Kalinda to take.
We have a_witness
who can nail Kalinda
for putting
Dr. Booth into a coma.
GLENN: Two years minimum.
On the other hand,
you testify against
Lockhart/Gardner,
we'll grant you
full immunity.
You lost. Get over it.
Mrs. Florrick is incorrect
in thinking
this is about
her husband's campaign.
I've not made it about
In fact...
I have been meticulous
in keeping the two separate.
Kalinda Sharma,
on the other hand,
has a decision to make.
Turn evidence
against the law firm
or get indicted
and serve two years.
Hi, Mrs. Florrick.
Hi, Nisa.
How's everything at school?
Good.
My parents aren't happy
about the shorter Fridays.
Nobody is.
They're starting a petition,
if you want to sign.
Sure.
Dad's coming to campus Monday.
Are you coming?
I can't. I have to work.
But, Zach, I need
to talk to you
for a minute.
The press may want to ask you
a few questions on campus.
I don't want to get
you involved,
_so I'll ask Dad not to
p0int you out either, okay?
Okay.
Nobody will care, though.
I know, but I'll care.
I haven't wanted
you guys involved in this.
GRACE: Eli asked you
to talk to him, didn't he?
Hey, but this is
not about Zach.
It's about his girlfriend.
ALICIA (whispering):
Grace...
(door closes)
(muffled conversation)
Eli doesn't want anybody
involved who's black.
I told him that Zach has an
African-American girlfriend.
That's why he talked
to you, right?
ZACH:
This is about Nisa?
No... I don't know.
That is... so wrong.
You should
tell Eli off.
Okay, both of you
just calm down.
What can I tell Nisa?
Nisa, can you stay for dinner?
I don't know.
I'll call my mom.
Okay.
What's up?
Eli, we need to talk.
Drop by my office tomorrow.
The house in
Lincoln Park,
the summer home
in Boca Raton,
titled in her name;
spousal support
of $100,000 a month
till the children
reach majority,
and shared custody.
I think it's too generous,
but there you go.
We'll pass.
Vastly improved numbers
for starters.
As I think we've
now established,
Mr. Bishop's
financial resources
are apparently
limitless.
She gets
primary custody.
He can see his kids
two weekends a month.
DAVID: The_offer is not
gomg to improve.
We'll see what
a court has to say.
Katrina, this is not
a good idea.
Please...
talk to me, not my client.
And down
the rabbit hole we go.
The judicial process
will take over now.
The good news is that your wife
is hosed financially.
Your legitimate businesses
are worthless on paper.
And now that we're out
of mediation,
we'll be able to preclude
mention of any assets
th_at_could lead
to criminal exposure.
And my son--
at trial--
will he have to testify?
Thank you.
You crossed the line.
Which one?
You don't want Zach being seen
with his black girlfriend?
It's not what I want.
Polling shows Peter will lose
if we don't have the blue
collar and the suburban vote.
And they don't like
black girlfriends?
They don't like people
they can't relate to.
It makes you look
too... cosmopolitan.
You don't know what voters
want or think or anything.
You just make this stuff up
based on whatever biases
you have swirling around
in your head at that moment.
I wish that were true.
Well, you know what's true?
Zach is going to Peter's
speech with Nisa.
Do you know how crazy this is?
For the last six months,
I've been asking you
to let me put the kids
in front of the cameras,
and you have said no--
until I want them not
in front of the cameras,
and now you want the opposite.
Yeah, Eli,
it's all about you.
MEDKIFF:
We're the next case up.
I'm sorry mediation has
failed you, Mr. Bishop.
I hope it hasn't soured you
on the need for compromise.
I always tell myself, "Say a yes
for every time you say a no
and you'll be a happier person."
Y-You understand what I mean.
No.
Well, I guess
what I mean is,
if we can all work
together, toward
the same goals,
each in our own way,
then everyone
can feel like
they had a--
You killed her.
You did it.
What?
She O.D.'d last night.
She's been clean
for ten years
and what, she just decided
to start using again?
Oh, my God.
Okay, where did
you hear this?
You did it.
You killed her.
I'd watch my words, friend.
I didn't
touch her.
But you get
everything now, right?
I mean, you get full custody.
And you get the cash.
Okay, let's take this
out of the hall.
You're a murderer.
Stop this now.
Don't say another word.
Did you have something else
you'd like to share?
Good.
ALICIA:
You ready?
No matter what they ask--
the Fifth.
You plead the Fifth.
Got it.
Do you swear
to tell the truth,
the whole truth, and
nothing but the truth,
so help you God?
I do.
Now, we've asked
Blake Calamar back
for another day of questioning,
but you have no disagreement
with his characterization
of the conversation?
I refuse to answer
on the grounds
that it may
incriminate me.
Again, we would
speed things up here
if you allowed for a blanket
pleading of the Fifth.
And again, we would ask
that Miss Sharma's attorney
honor the Illinois
state statute.
Mr. Calamar testified
that you beat Dr. Booth
with a bat.
And then you
gave that weapon
to him to hide.
Is that true?
I refuse to answer
on the grounds that it
may incriminate me.
You then,
according to Mr. Calamar,
took that same bat
back from him
after knocking him unconscious.
Is that true?
I refuse to answer
on the grounds
that it may
incriminate me.
And since that time,
have you ever tried
to contact Mr. Calamar?
Can you ask me
that again, please?
Why, certainly, Miss Sharma.
I asked, "Since that time,
have you ever tried
to contact Mr. Calamar?"
Yes.
I'd like to speak
to my client.
No, Mrs. Florrick.
Your client wishes
to answer the question.
Go ahead.
I tried to speak
to him a few days ago.
I followed him
to the hotel,
but he was meeting someone.
And this hotel
where you followed him?
What hotel was that?
It was a Lake... um...
It was, uh, Rolling Crest
Suites in Lake Forest.
Uh... room 333.
You said you tried
to speak to Mr. Calamar.
So what prevented you?
I saw that Mr. Calamar
was meeting
with_an African-
American woman,
so I did not contact him.
CARY: And why did you
try to contact him?
'Cause I wanted to ask him
why he was lying about
me to a grand jury.
And if... ifI was
this grand jury,
I would be asking him
the same questions.
My guess is Mr. Calamar
won't even return here
after he hears
my testimony.
Did you really just do
what I think you did?
What do you think
I just did?
Suggested that Blake
was the one sleeping
with Bishop's wife.
Look, the lighting
at the Rolling Crest
Suites was so dark,
it could've been Blake.
(phone ringing)
Alicia Florrick.
This is Cary Agos.
How is your day going?
Fine, Cary.
How's
yours?
Ah, I think
I got a cold coming on.
Well, I'm really sorry
to hear that.
Another subpoena?
Well, oddly, no.
Blake Calamar, during his last
visit to the grand jury,
was asked _
some follow-up questions
based on Miss Sharma's
testimony,
and you'll just never guess
what happened.
I think I have an idea.
He asked for a brief recess,
and didn't return
to the grand jury room.
Now, he's our only witness
against Miss Sharma, so for now,
we will not need her to return.
Thank you, Cary.
I'll let her know.
Do.
How are you, Cary?
I don't know.
May be tough sledding here
for a while.
Well, good luck.
Thank you.
* Everything I love...
Look at you.
Your daughter's not going
to be very happy with you.
No. She thinks I
drink too much wine.
This is tequila.
Cary was in on
it, wasn't he?
He knew what to ask you.
Cary's a great guy.
Oh, listen to you.
* You and Cary,
sitting in a tree... *
Hey, I'm just
shoring up friends.
For what?
For the end days.
Hmm.
I have to buy
a big house.
You have to?
For appearances.
I don't know.
I have to stop life from
just happening, don't I?
I don't want to
buy a big house.
I like my apartment.
Yeah, I like it too.
I used to have
so many friends.
Where are they now?
Now you lost me.
Back then, my old life,
the big house?
I had all these...
mom friends.
All talking
about our weight.
Yeah, I wish I
knew you back then.
No.
I was... different.
We would've
hated each other.
Life changes, doesn't it?
Yeah, it does.
We can change it back.
We can do
what we want.
Hm.
(phone blips)
Who's that?
Blake.
You're kidding.
Nope. He wants to meet.
Well, you're
not going to.
Kalinda...
(laughing)
Hey, slugger.
I heard you
were heading home.
Yeah, yeah,
thanks for that.
I felt you needed
a little encouragement.
Yeah, well, having Bishop
after you for sleeping
with his wife, that's...
that's encouraging.
Don't be a sore loser.
Well, I--
I finally got Leela.
You finally got her.
Yeah, I finally
understood.
Well, good for you.
It's a little bit too late,
though, isn't it?
Not really.
Met with an ASA
this afternoon--
one last interview
to fill them in.
What do you want,
a medal?
You see,
I thought it was about why.
Why you changed your name.
I thought there was some deep,
dark secret in your past,
but there really wasn't.
You just got bored
with your old life.
Yep, that's me,
boring as they come.
But then I realized
it wasn't about why.
It was about who.
Who helped you
change your name?
'Cause I was looking
for clues out there,
and there were none,
and it was odd.
Then I realized
that was the clue.
Could we speed this up?
See, someone helped
you cover up the clues.
The biggest clue of all
ended up being you, though.
You have a tell.
We into tells now?
You overreact.
So I thought back to all
the times you overreacted.
When I told Alicia about
Leela, you destroyed my car.
When I asked you
what Alicia knew,
you went psycho.
Alicia.
It's about Alicia.
That's what you
care about.
Go home.
Peter helped you
change your name
at the state's attorney's
office, when you worked there.
Peter helped you
change your name.
And then you
slept with him.
Peter covered up
everything for you.
For Leela.
And you... slept with him.
You're wrong.
That's good.
Because I told the ASA,
and of course, you know,
they have their process.
They'll probably...
probably interview
everyone involved and...
they'll get it
all straightened out.
See you around,
Kalinda.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org